Source: http://www.soundsnap.com/licence

You are Free:

- To remix or transform the sounds in any way

- To copy and transmit the sounds- but not resell them as they are originally
  downloaded from Soundsnap

- To use the sounds in any music, film, video game, website etc. whether
  commercial or not, without paying addiotional royalties or other fees beyond
  the initial membership cost (if any)

You Cannot:

- Resell or distribute the sounds 'as they are'. For example, you cannot
  download and sell them as part of a CD library

Soundsnap License- Full legal document

This licence is the basis under which all Works that appear in the SoundSnap
website are distributed and used. The SoundSnap Licence is largely based on the
Creative Commons Public Licence and the Terms of Service Agreement displayed on
the website.

By uploading a Work or by exercising any rights to the Work provided here, you
accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this Licence. Any use of the Work
other than as authorized under this Licence or Copyright Law is prohibited.
The Licencor grants the Licencee ("You") a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, perpetual licence to exercise the rights that are contained
herein in consideration of your acceptance of the following terms and
conditions.

You (the Licencee) are strongly encouraged by SoundSnap to attribute the
creators of the Works that you use in your projects or the SoundSnap community
where possible, but this remains entirely up to your discretion.

1. Definitions

a. "Collective Work" means a work, such as an audio compilation or anthology,
in which the Work in its entirety in unmodified form, along with a number of
other contributions, constituting separate and independent works in and of
themselves, are assembled into a collective whole. A work that constitutes a
Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work (as defined below) for
the purposes of this Licence.

b. "Derivative Work" means a work based upon the Work or upon the Work and
other pre-existing works, such as a remix, musical arrangement, dramatization,
sound recording, art reproduction, synchronization with moving image,
condensation, or any other form in which the Work may be recast, transformed,
or adapted, except that a work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be
considered a Derivative Work for the purpose of this Licence.

c. "Licencor" means the individual or entity that offers the Work under the
terms of this Licence and in particular, SoundSnap or the Original Author who
has granted permission to use the Work.

d. "Original Author" means the individual or entity who created the Work.

e. "Work" means the copyrightable work of authorship offered under the terms of
this Licence.

f. "You" means an individual or entity exercising rights under this Licence who
has not previously violated the terms of this Licence with respect to the Work,
or who has received express permission from the Licencor to exercise rights
under this Licence despite a previous violation.

2. Fair Use Rights.

Nothing in this licence is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any rights
arising from fair use, first sale or other limitations on the exclusive rights
of the copyright owner under copyright law or other applicable laws.

3. Licence Grant.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Licence, Licencor hereby grants You
a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the
applicable copyright) licence to exercise the rights in the Work as stated
below:

a. To remix or transform the sounds into a Derivative Work;

b. To copy and transmit the sounds;

c. To use the sounds in any music, film, video game, website or similar medium
whether commercial or not.

The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are
technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. All
rights not expressly granted by Licencor are hereby reserved.

4. Restrictions

The licence granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited
by the following restrictions:

You may distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally
perform the Work only under the terms of this Licence. You may not offer or
impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict the terms of this Licence
or the recipients' exercise of the rights granted hereunder. You may not
sublicence the Work. You may not distribute, publicly display, publicly
perform, or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures
that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms
of this Licence Agreement.

In no circumstances whatsoever, may you copy all or a significant part of the
Works in the SoundSnap website with the purpose of redistributing them.

5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer

Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the parties in writing, Licencor offers
the Work as is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind
concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including,
without limitation, warranties of title, merchantibility, fitness for a
particular purpose, noninfringement, or the absence of latent or other defects,
accuracy, or the presence of absence of errors, whether or not discoverable.

6. Limitation on Liability

Except to the extent required by applicable Law, in no event will the Licencor
be liable to you on any legal theory for any special, incidental,
consequential, punitive or exemplary damages arising out of this Licence or the
use of the Work, even if the Licencor has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.

7. Termination

This Licence and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon
any breach by You of the terms of this Licence. Individuals or entities who
have received Derivative Works from You under this Licence, however, will not
have their licences terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in
full compliance with those licences. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will survive
any termination of this Licence.  Subject to the above terms and conditions,
the licence granted here is perpetual (for the duration of the applicable
copyright in the Work). Notwithstanding the above, Licencor reserves the right
to release the Work under different licence terms or to stop distributing the
Work at any time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to
withdraw this Licence (or any other licence that has been, or is required to
be, granted under the terms of this Licence), and this Licence will continue in
full force and effect unless terminated as stated above.

8. Miscellaneous

If any provision of this Licence is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the
terms of this Licence, and without further action by the parties to this
agreement, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to
make such provision valid and enforceable.

No term or provision of this Licence shall be deemed waived and no breach
consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by
the party to be charged with such waiver or consent.

This Licence and the Terms of Service Agreement which incorporates it
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Work
licenced here. There are no understandings, agreements or representations with
respect to the Work not specified therein. Licencor shall not be bound by any
additional provisions that may appear in any communication from You. This
Licence may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the
Licencor and You.
